Address ambiguities how to specify interfaces (#937)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-interface.md

A Rendezvous() call on Preconnections containing group addresses results in an EstablishmentError as described in {{rendezvous}}.

### Constraining Interfaces for Endpoints {#ifspec}

Note that this API has multiple ways to constrain and prioritize endpoint candidates based on the network interface:

>  - Specifying an interface on a RemoteEndpoint qualifies the scope of the remote endpoint, e.g., for link-local addresses. Specifying unnecessary qualifiers, e.g., on global unicast addresses, should result in an error.

Reviewer: (An individual contributor:)
I'm not sure "unnecessary qualifiers" can be defined well enough to be useful here. Suggest to just remove the last sentence. Specifying conflicting things will already result in an error, but I'm not sure we need to error out if something is merely redundant.

>  - Specifying an interface on a RemoteEndpoint qualifies the scope of the remote endpoint, e.g., for link-local addresses. Specifying unnecessary qualifiers, e.g., on global unicast addresses, should result in an error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Specifying an interface on a RemoteEndpoint qualifies the scope of the remote endpoint, e.g., for link-local addresses.
```

 - Specifying an interface on a LocalEndpoint explicitly binds all candidates derived from this endpoint to use the specified interface.

>  - Specifying an interface using the Selection Properties _Interface Instance or Type_ ({{prop-interface}}) or indirectly via the _Provisioning Domain Instance or Type_ ({{prop-pvd}}) influences the selection among the candidates available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Specifying an interface using the `interface` Selection Property ({{prop-interface}}) or indirectly via the `pvd` Selection Property ({{prop-pvd}}) influences the selection among the available candidates.
```

> While the first two qualify or bind the candidates available for connection establishment in the Pre-Establishment Phase, the Selection Properties prioritize and constrain the connection establishment. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While specifying an interface on an endpoint restricts the candidates available for connection establishment in the Pre-Establishment Phase, the Selection Properties prioritize and constrain the connection establishment. 
```

metered interfaces, this should be specified via Provisioning Domain attributes
(see {{prop-pvd}}) or another specific property.

> This property must not be used to qualify endpoint candidates, e.g., for link-local or multicast addresses – see {{ifspec}} for details how qualify endpoint candidates on a per-interface basis.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that this property is not used to specify an interface scope for a particular endpoint. {{ifspec}} provides details about how to qualify endpoint candidates on a per-interface basis.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: is this better: /{{ifspec}} provides details about how to qualify endpoint candidates on a per-interface basis./
